what did you do it James what do you mean I have no idea what you're talking
about you can drop the act look I know that we had a fun night we said that we
were gonna give this a try but I never said that we were not and when Nia got
hurt I let you mislead her because I didn't want to come in between you
girls but then you went ahead and do that to your best friend did you tell
her no I haven't because I'm like you I don't want to hurt her but I should tell
her should you absolutely should but you're right she will feel so hurt she
found out it was me sure you want to do that and drop the good guy at you slept
with me you pretended you wanted a relationship with me just so that it
wouldn't confirm that you are exactly the flusy clay boy the tabloids made you
out to be be flirted with Nia every chance you got you want her I have eyes
everyone in the office can see it so don't try to lecture me I just realized
something I just realized like this is the real young and that's soft-spoken
reserved and hard-working Selena wasn't real I'm a stretch to me
you're not Nia's friend and you don't deserve to be your friend you know why
because you're jealous small and desperate and you're right I do want her
not you it'll never be because she's everything that you're not
no one ever be in that night between us it meant nothing to me you can get down
on my office